---
layout: video
show_meta: false
title: Uskapp
subheadline: 50.001 Team 1-4
tags:
    - post format
categories:
    - infosys
    - highlights
iframe: <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/13H93Hh44LjMyiY6MnXetKE6cpjjFc1Gg/preview" width="320" height="240"></iframe>
related_image: https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?authuser=0&id=1R5lPpXriIjulboC58ONGXfV148fx7hnq&sz=w300-h300-p-k-nu-iv1
---

### Team Members

Sun Neng - 1004246

Justin Peng - 1004234

Lim Zhen Dong, Arnold - 1004117

Chen Ken - 1004497

Leon Tjandra - 1004353  

### Description

Uskapp is a smartphone app which acts as an educational Question and Answers forum. Students often face difficulties in their course work and may seek a quick and informative answer to their queries. Others may find that teaching can help to reinforce their knowledge while at the same time contributing to the course community. Uskapp strives to achieve both objectives by assigning the roles of both student and educator to users, creating a learning-teaching loop of interaction that enriches students' knowledge through discussion and critical feedback. This is done through a simple and user-friendly interface where anyone is free to ask questions in a community and others can reply accordingly.

The `ups' system allows evaluation of quality and helpfulness of a question post or answer. Every registered user has a profile with a ranking feature, which represents the`Ups' the user has accumulated through posts. Gaining sufficient points would allow the user to rank up, giving a sense of accomplishment and motivation.  Searching for posts is simplified with use of tags and search bar, and one can add posts to a favourite list, keeping them for review in the future.

### Poster

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R5lPpXriIjulboC58ONGXfV148fx7hnq/preview" width="100%" height="480"></iframe>
