---
layout: video
show_meta: false
title: Got-Anot
subheadline: 50.001 Team 1-3
tags:
    - post format
categories:
    - infosys
iframe: <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/15A5tbub-5R5NQbppUS6QGR_2xXPHsiei/preview" width="320" height="240"></iframe>
related_image: https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?authuser=0&id=15A5tbub-5R5NQbppUS6QGR_2xXPHsiei&sz=w300-h300-p-k-nu-iv1
---

### Team Members

Victoria Yong 1004455

Ivan Tandajaya 1004572

Ngui Jia Xuan, Sheriann 1004641

Wang Chengyu 1004515

Cai Xuemeng 1004522  

### Description

Sourcing for resources for projects is an issue all SUTD students will have to face. SUTD provides a host of resources for us to use. However, the process of sourcing for these items may pose a problem for many, as we have to physically go to the various departments to check for availability of these resources, all while complying to their rules like opening timings, staff approval, or dress codes. Furthermore, we often find that they may be out of stock. By digitising the process, we make it more convenient for both staff and students to take stock of inventory and streamline the process for ease of use.

Students and staff will have their own accounts. They are able to check the specifications and availability of a certain resource by name or location and depending on the item's permissions, they may create a booking event. They will need to indicate collection date and return date, if applicable. Users can also easily check their booking history.

For staff, they have the privilege of updating the stock number of items, adding new items into the database and updating the status of a booking event (collected / returned).

We love our project and have high expectations of it. By using this app, we believe it will make students' and staffs' lives a lot easier in terms of booking and resource management.

### Poster

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/15A5tbub-5R5NQbppUS6QGR_2xXPHsiei/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
