---
layout: video
show_meta: false
title: Kue
subheadline: 50.001 Team 4-3
tags:
    - post format
categories:
    - infosys
iframe: <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NDFPfa_2TOxAk3y4EfnzSueA-d5aOBBR/preview" width="320" height="240"></iframe>
related_image: https://drive.google.com/thumbnail?authuser=0&id=1GsUBp2VvIvrMFkLljIgvHWplak3qJ-q_&sz=w300-h300-p-k-nu-iv1
---


### Description

Idea Inspiration

Our app concept was sparked off by the desire to improve queue systems in self-service food establishments. In our campus, food establishments that use queue number displays are aplenty. The issue that stuck out the most for this implementation is: the customer has to remain in the vicinity of the queue display in order to be able to view the current order being served. This might not be ideal in a pandemic ridden world, whereby social distancing needs to take priority. Next up, food establishments also use vibrating pagers. We realised that the vibrating pagers used in food establishments are passed around different customers the entire time. They require additional manpower for sanitisation, in order to reduce the spread of possible germs and viruses,etc.

The food establishments have to shell out upwards of at least a couple hundred dollars to purchase and implement those hardware solutions. This is where we spotted the opportunity for improvement. We could simply create an android app to replace the conventional implementations at a much lower cost, yet at the same time add in more functionality in order to create more value for the food establishments.

Generating Solutions

The business solution we developed for the restaurant is our Android App - Kue, along with a dynamic web landing page. We implemented the following features:

1) `Cashier system'- Food establishment able to add menu items, their respective costs and preparation timing into the application. When a customer orders food, cashiers will select items ordered in the app. When order is completed, QR code will be made available to scan for customers.

2) Cooking system: each order will be added to the cooks' page real time for cooks to prepare food orders. The cook will check each order item to update the waiters and customers when an order is done, and the customers will be notified via a web landing page.

3) Landing page provides another layer of interaction with the customers- opening up a new path for connectivity between food establishments and their customers, where customers will be given their waiting time and be notified when the order is done, as well as a rating system.

4) Data collection and analysis - We recognised that many data points are being collected during the usage of the application's various functions, and that we could make use of these data to provide some analytics for the food establishments.

### Poster

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GsUBp2VvIvrMFkLljIgvHWplak3qJ-q_/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
