---
layout: video
show_meta: false
title: Amigo
subheadline: 50.001 Team 2-7 
tags:
    - post format
categories:
    - infosys
    - highlights
iframe: <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dI78BGEfVbnv0p31xfcEi9v6ny0N0P2E/preview" width="320" height="240"></iframe>
related_image: https://lh3.google.com/u/0/d/12pNMWnW9KYSnz78skzMl4Qm6ESfShlWx=w300-h300-p-k-nu-iv1
---

### Team Members

Toh Kai Feng 1004581

Bryan Phengan Hengardi 1004288

Seah Qi Yan 1004628

Goh Shao Cong Shawn 1004116

Amrish Dev Sandhu 1004241  

### Description

Student-initiated projects are becoming an increasingly popular and validated way for students to apply their own skills in a practical manner as emphasised by our very own ISTD pillar head, Prof Tony. However, starting off such projects or finding a suitable project to join may be difficult to the lack of connections and experience.

As such, we have created The Amigo Project, a platform to provide self-initiated students with a social avenue for project recruitment and management. We seek to bring together those who are willing to work on personal projects but are not sure on what to start on, and those who have project ideas in mind but need others to form a project team.

The Amigo Project draws inspiration from Carousell and LinkedIn, taking the key features of listing and profile viewings and incorporating them. Individuals upon logging in would be brought through a set up process that would require them to fill in their contact details, interests and strengths. Based on these, they can then search through the different categories of projects available in the Discover tab, and apply for projects they are keen on. They can even use the chat function to find out more about these projects. Should they have their own project idea, they can easily list it, requiring only a project photo, title and description to begin the process of finding a new project team!

### Poster

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12pNMWnW9KYSnz78skzMl4Qm6ESfShlWx" width="100%" height="480px" />
